oh it's a blanket you want it down oh
wow keeping you warm why aren't you warm
well do you want me to take it off
that's no one your shoes are on I really
sign and that's neat fine your feet are
fine Oh fine your feet are okay why am I
hmmm why are you sure yeah probably
because you didn't have anything to eat
here okay uh-oh hey how's your mouth
feel hey no it's not that at home hey
looks really good you don't look like a
chipmunk oh I'm not lying to you but I
lie to you yeah I wouldn't lie to you
it's funny this one you feel okay okay
wait it's really me honey well it is I'm
for moms here oh yeah your final yeah
you're okay honey o clouds sounds fine
okay yeah like you're on a roller
coaster uh-huh how do you see how high I
shall wait
yeah that's good oh ok no here's the
doctor's office sure okay try to rest
what Oh home you won't go home ok when
you're up to it I take you home ok for
ya Oh last tofa pip is home sleeping Oh
who's Ellen Oh Ellen DeGeneres oh no no
I'm fine no Jo Kang everyone's home
probably tell her tell me you know
really good though hope it's not that
bad angel hmm you're in a doctor's
office I'm on mm-hmm I am sure would I
lie to you I wouldn't lie to you
oh you're ok you're all done aren't you
glad it's over now no more wisdom teeth
oh yeah they're out what type ok just
the wall why mmm-hmm do you remember
what he had done today no I know you got
your wisdom teeth out hey boy how's your
mouth feel mmm good no you know great
sends me too long to the wall no good
pay me I mean really pray thanked 0 p
yeah well fucking pray help Ellen Ellen
who yeah pray that's impressive right do
you want to go in the ellen show set
your ID you want to keep that in as
before it's before yeah you just want to
keep that younger thank you for because
you don't have school today who asked
what you don't song what song no pec you
pick no pet have a justin bieber why you
know you don't like justin bieber
anymore
oh how about Kenny Chesney ya know Nicki
Minaj yeah I'm some little bit ant to do
away just engine turns over time around
I'm gonna go get the car hmm ok see you
wait here with the nurse was this and
I'll come back for you that's just it at
your pulse ox what oh wow where Paul saw
over it's ok the nurse is going to take
it off as soon as it's ready to come off
why ok I'm were 15 hi Ellen hi Ellen
termo the medicine here my favor for
Ellen I'm ever I'm gonna go get the car
ok so we can go home safe I just